Data types pages (#2046)
redis/redis-doc: docs/data-types/hashes.md

﻿---

> title: "Redis Hashes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Redis hashes"
```

linkTitle: "Hashes"
weight: 5
description: >

>     Introduction to Redis Hashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Introduction to Redis hashes
```

---

Redis hashes are record types structured as collections of field-value pairs. You can uses hashes to represent basic objects and to store groupings of counters, among other things.

## Examples

* Represent a basic user as a hash:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< highlight bash >}}
```

> redis:6379> HSET user:123 username martina firstName Martina lastName Elisa country GB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HSET user:123 username martina firstName Martina lastName Elisa country GB
```

(integer) 4

> redis:6379> HGET user:123 username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HGET user:123 username
```

"martina"

> redis:6379> HGETALL user:123

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HGETALL user:123
```

1) "username"
2) "martina"
3) "firstName"
4) "Martina"
5) "lastName"
6) "Elisa"
7) "country"
8) "GB"

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< / highlight >}}
```

* Store counters for the number of times device 777 has pinged the server, issued a request, or sent an error:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< highlight bash >}}
```

> redis:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats pings 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats pings 1
```

(integer) 1

> redis:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats pings 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats pings 1
```

(integer) 2

> redis:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats pings 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats pings 1
```

(integer) 3

> redis:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats errors 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats errors 1
```

(integer) 1

> redis:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats requests 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HINCRBY device:777:stats requests 1
```

(integer) 1

> redis:6379> HGET device:777:stats errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HGET device:777:stats errors
```

"1"

> redis:6379> HGET device:777:stats pings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1:6379> HGET device:777:stats pings
```

"3"

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< / highlight >}}
```

## Basic commands

[HSET](/commands/hset) sets the value of one or more fields on a hash.
[HGET](/commands/hset) returns the value at a given field. 
[HINCRBY](/commands/hincrby) increments the value at a given field by the integer provided.

See the [complete list of hash commands](https://redis.io/commands/?group=hash).

## Performance

Most Redis hash commands are O(1).

> A few command, such as [HGETALL](/commands/hgetall), are O(n), where _n_ is the number of field-value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few commands, such as [HGETALL](/commands/hgetall), are O(n), where _n_ is the number of field-value pairs.
```

## Limits

> Every hash can store up to 4,294,967,295 (2^32 - 1) field-value pairs. In practice, the means that your hashes will be limited only by the overall memory on the VMs hosting your Redis deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every hash can store up to 4,294,967,295 (2^32 - 1) field-value pairs. In practice, this means that your hashes are limited only by the overall memory on the VMs hosting your Redis deployment.
```
